f
Hello in this way I would like to introduce you to a program with which you
remote control of any other Windows computer can use such programs
in the past have already repeatedly presented from the package II
One of them was Reil VMC Riahi VNC is based on 4 19 and that too here
featured large logo is actually a VNC client and server
but so cleverly packaged so making a connection like that
is simpler and that is exactly the objective Cosmo is a software
with which you can help other people on the Internet just to the fast
assuming they have a problem
they have the solution, the biggest problem is going to happen at all
Computer to access the other
and that makes cost sharing especially easy for us i show puts them
on the basis of two XP PCs but of course that works just as well
under Wiestler and Windows 7 and just between the respective daughters
so
from XP to 7 or until 7 and so on
In this way it will cost and still install and on the two places
is cost and already installed
there is already started and it starts with this interface what Melanie
you will see her soon
instead of more so first on the computer on which it still need to install
our standard browser
Send me to our city by tractor and the questioning will follow
free
we should find big ones coming
Bought
with the possibility to burn free download
then he got another download Bartender Kicker on it then
we offered the store all the way from the bet
with the rest of the world
we accept the agreements
important is the desktop icon
Roßwog start
and also here because the easy interface with the two tabs tabs access and
Access and there are access by default
started that's just easier
because in our scenario, we assume that you are the one we do
to help you have less idea of ​​the whole matter
important information for those who have the corresponding so the green
Calculator should first be the calculator Heerstraße takes knowledge and on
the
wants to access blue bill here
In that regard, the winner computer must have this access code
there is Plauen Rechners
and the winner in the case not directly on the appropriate calculator
can look
it is therefore relatively important for you as a helping one to help them
know that from the beginning
shortly after the start
those whom they should help with this corresponding access code already
Seeger as they do not need to say so click on access
Men by accident
is allowed on access and so on
So we need appropriate code
For so much sugar copies, take over the rest of the phone
Of course, the other computer wants to access the hangover tab
click
and then enter the corresponding code here
Member of course at the moment either via Voice over IP or even
normal phone
or via e-mail informed why
where was always exchanged he can here the client
looks like the blue calculator
a sale of diapers click
Now the connection is established and now Wörth waited for two minutes
if someone Connected to this computer and if not
If so, the connection will be disabled again for security reasons
Shut up nose we connect it pulls too
in a nutshell
takes a moment and on the opposite side
is now being asked again here is someone who can access their computer
they want and want to allow this or they do not want to allow it
to make her dirty checkbox
For example, we can indicate that the other one is watching us
would like to
only allowed to observe
that they themselves
do not perform any actions reported that so they confirm with yes
Schalke again
here waiting for the approval that today she is a moment
Make sure that ads launch program
and we get a scaled view of the other PC delivered
which we can access now as normal as we now our own
Calculator would be just the door to the gate
States and the corresponding instructions for example when writing
to help the other one should end up with some configuration options
the sensual and an interface so i can use the other's keyboard
the moment where I am now the blue PCB
just
the other one does not access i can use the keyboard and the mouse of course
at any time in case something happens
which I'm not really fond of now
as well I can turn over the complete story that means I habs Schaub AG
although the connection already stands
and of course we can also see files of course he will see ten again
meaningful
again this time here to do it again
and so on
here we have the corresponding interface again for the EM ones
who access the other computer
Just open the file while taking this file
one is deep
However, she quickly succeeded in asking again on the blue calculator
because the file Calc, of course, a virus
Included in this case, though, are sure and the whole thing
save
clearly that the party is now relatively small since that's right of course
fast
at larger currently over normal
Network can be a bit longer but everything is quite
possible everything super easy
So as I said the focus of the program is the possibility
Without much effort, helping another person is the big problem
often
the eventual configure a firewall that yes now the person
we have to help out and how did I have to do that?
Do not do everything not only because the two computers with the not the only one
have done times
give Lam set but that makes cross praise
always yourself
So it's strictly speaking so the software in little trick and
trick it with our firewall but that's what you have to the other video so
Super easy in the future